Why should I fear the lion?
Why should I fear any foe?
With Jehovah by my side,
I will not run and hide.
My God is with me; this I know.
With eyes of faith,
I see beyond the darkness.
there’s nothing more to fear.
With Jehovah, I am strong,
Determined to go on,
Knowing that my God is always near—
With eyes of faith.
Those faithful ones before us
Lived their lives in loyalty.
By their faith they endured.
Their future is assured.
They’ll stand again for all to see.
With eyes of faith,
I see beyond the darkness.
there’s nothing more to fear.
With Jehovah, I am strong,
Determined to go on,
Knowing that my God is always near—
With eyes of faith.
With eyes of faith, I can move a mountain.
With eyes of faith, my hope is sure.
Where would I be
Without the faith that helps me see
Beyond the trials I endure?
I see the wondrous future
God has in store for me.
I need to be strong.
I know it won’t be long
Till Jehovah claims his victory.
With eyes of faith,
I see beyond the darkness.
there’s nothing more to fear.
With Jehovah, I am strong,
Determined to go on,
Knowing that my God is always near—
With eyes of faith,
With eyes of faith.